At the Mountains of Madness By H. P. Lovecraft

I.
I am forced into speech because men of science have refused to 
follow my advice without knowing why. It is altogether against 
my will that I tell my reasons for opposing this contemplated 
invasion of the antarctic—with its vast fossil-hunt and its 
wholesale boring and melting of the ancient ice-cap—and I am 
the more reluctant because my warning may be in vain. Doubt of 
the real facts, as I must reveal them, is inevitable; yet if I 
suppressed what will seem extravagant and incredible there would 
be nothing left. The hitherto withheld photographs, both ordinary 
and aërial, will count in my favour; for they are damnably vivid 
and graphic. Still, they will be doubted because of the great 
lengths to which clever fakery can be carried. The ink drawings, 
of course, will be jeered at as obvious impostures; 
notwithstanding a strangeness of technique which art experts 
ought to remark and puzzle over.

In the end I must rely on the judgment and standing of the few 
scientific leaders who have, on the one hand, sufficient 
independence of thought to weigh my data on its own hideously 
convincing merits or in the light of certain primordial and 
highly baffling myth-cycles; and on the other hand, sufficient 
influence to deter the exploring world in general from any rash 
and overambitious programme in the region of those mountains of 
madness. It is an unfortunate fact that relatively obscure men 
like myself and my associates, connected only with a small 
university, have little chance of making an impression where 
matters of a wildly bizarre or highly controversial nature are 
concerned.